Beauty talks or brings video of
today a gameplay of captain america gave
inter soldier is the super launch of
gameloft to promote the film captain
America 2 is coming to the movies
here is the beginning all told in hq you
hear the story or nothing jumps too
He's always telling that story.
basic of always
You have to save the world try to save.
everybody and here goes always three
stars on the lines if you have to
get caught up doing the goals
here is the beginning of the game as you can
see very different from the custom the game is in
vertical
you can control both by touch and
with that digital analog that is there
down
here always you already start with csa
people and has a special power in this
first here he has the power to drop
grenades
if you touch the grenade and send it
drop is limited only has six grenades
the game came as the demo you can play
in the two phases
in this demo that is free and then you
choose whether you want to pay or not
rest of the game
The game you play is about 20
megas install there will ask to download
more than 80 meters he installed will give
more or less about 200 meters
it's very easy the game is enough you just
beating the characters is in front of the
You're not going to punch anything else over there.
in that punch button damage combos has
some special scams and you
dragging on the screen you loose the shield
play the shield back you can play the
I study again nothing too much.
It's quite easy to think, just hit the
button and it was already telling the truth I
I was hoping a little more of that game was
so publicized
I expected a little more but then for who
like is that mainly who likes the
captain america's history will like
huh
a basic game until nothing much and there it is
completed the first non-voting mission
leader or less than or equal to 30
percent do not use xp medical kits for
You soldiers and here you unlocked
one more agent
This is the snipper agent you expect.
load goes nu - wines that will open
now that you 're going to add one more
Your agent has to pay 700 for free
for now this game here is the second
the two that have the first and
second this game may be that it lives cold
I do not know, I saw you on gameloft.
She turned cold and do not know who knows may be
You can live here.
beginning of the second stage you choose to
want to improve something or not
three missions that have to do
here begins the same animation again at
same thing
this is it here shows your smartphone
What you got now is just playing there.
that he gives a super shot a map on the
first is
in the beginning is so throw grenade when
need
This is it folks I'm not going to show Monday
phase because it's the little you have to
You play free games to see if you like it.
and that's it 's captain america 2
anyone who wants to download your Jorge will be
in the video description a game
what everyone was expecting and there
here goes the second phase is completed
but xp for the characters and then you go
and it arrives on this screen that speaks
If you want to buy the game for 2
dollars and 99 percent says it has an additional 100
levels and then with you, look at yourself
you want to find
just download two flaws and buy
here shows in the menu that you can have
various types of captain america
avenger first battle the first
classic avenger american agent
living legend supplement
so this is for those who like it will power
play and download and can improve
Many types
so this is it people I'm staying here
who liked it gives a taste and subscribe to the
channel do not miss the next news
So that's it thank you guys, where do you have it?